---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: An Aimless Mind
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2015-08-26
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---
An Aimless Mind

STAGE1: The agony

The wordless feelings are always understood by certain people.My journey of life was an evergreen teacher. The people we meet,and interact brings a little change in ourselves one way or the other.
I want the time to be sped a little,not because it's going to be any better. Because it won't. Never will be,thats  the reason why tomorrow is called a mystery .I want to go forward a bit fast because I am fed up with the current scenario. The pointless carries to and fro , "the feeling" I have been feeling is dangerously inevitable. The feeling of missing and being missed,with people and surroundings that are hypothetical. Pondering over the thoughts that are rhetorically brilliant. Travelling across the world of free thoughts,.thoughts that kept me alive when all the darkness around me tried to catch  up with me. When the mind is filled up with nothing,but the soul always caves  for those nothing thoughts. Many people used to tell me not to shed,but now that iam older and realized the truth,my soul has become colder and I can't seem to accept that it is not true.
My soul is trying to get out of the pleasures of my mind.When you get comfort from lies,that's when you realise that you have reached a point in life where your control over your mind has been gone. When nothing seem to interest you,when all that remains are pure "black and white" emotions ,that understands everything but doesn'tseem to care. The acceptance of the ultimate truth of life will change you. Losing all the hope is a way of freedom too .The depressed mind can always find black and whites even on a rainbow..

Prajith K Prasad

